okay gonna head out now not too bad nice
bike is video uh am right now I'm just
worried hell yeah this is a GoPro right
one gopro you never seen a GoPro before
no oh yeah they can see you can you can
hear through here yeah you can change
the backing and go into water I can you
can go skiing you can whatever you want
to do you just huts to you and it just
it films bill in its films wide angle
I'll like if I am statement I'm sitting
down here you can you can get my
speedometer and you can get the sky and
same time which get that um she's like a
text when I think I go to that future
shop yeah you know it's going to get the
motorcycle store but the charge to all
right I'll get this strap here separate
right yeah you can get them attached to
your hat I can't patch this is a the
front there you know I played your
little thing on there yeah yeah yeah but
I find it this year it gets better
better angles so you're like if I bend
like that if we're on the button
fantastic you know so I just make some
videos and just you know when I said
that you know the deal you should there
you get one you know but they do have a
they do have another model too though
that different company that it can
attach to you and then you can talk to
Cody snakes like right now it's it can
hear us talking oh yeah yeah but it's
not as good as there's some other models
but this is better for real rough stuff
salt yeah you know I can mountain biking
skiing finna go ski and you know yeah
stuff right well is great all day is
that a harder you got there yeah ok
shall die in a little writer ok looks
very nice wasn't too windy coming up was
it yeah it was you know Wendy you could
be alive to skimming from thought while
I came in from Calgary isn't awkward
well I don't seem quite windy yeah you
know yeah I i I'm on the way home from
work but I took the scenic route yeah so
I was done so sender come down 22 x and
now I'll go back back towards Calgary
and do some gardening for the wife if
they're kind of holding back
right I escaped yeah all of that block
she once hauled up to the top of the
three terrorists had to build it back oh
yeah I'll rip the park the thing is that
when we see a sunny day we see a
motorcycle and on you and she they say
gardening for us right yeah you know
that's like I do on the way home yeah
it's only a 250 yeah but uh they just
came out this year totally brand-new
model he brought it out to compete with
the ninja 250 and I mean nine dollars
are fill it up well it'll go all week
long you know no problem it doesn't go
that fast maybe 160 that's what I just
don't like to go in IE I don't you know
I'll riding out 120 but I don't well I
don't normally go 160 but you know I'll
just grow the speed limit a little bit
after about it right that looks like fun
so it's a nice and narrow yeah you just
sit on you give it a try see how you
feel like it's a pretty narrow bike it's
not too not too high you know it's late
you comfortable it isn't it it's got abs
brakes fuel injection the whole thing
abs oh yeah it's going to be a spring
let's get all that they put a lot of
technology into it to compete with a
ninja 250 wow it's a good monoshock you
know all I stuff right so it's pretty
good pretty good bike
before you can get it well like I got
DBS is Pontius ABS there right yeah ABS
is father knows more but if you didn't
have the ABS you can get 444 98 so for
440 498 bucks wow you know you can tell
lots of fun right you've been sure you
don't need to buy a Harley Davidson
lowrider no but maybe someday I'll get
lucky yeah it's kind of heavy you know
if you lean to fire one side of the
property yeah yeah put the guard yeah
that's right yeah and all things going
down yeah older I know I know yeah that
and that's a light bike yeah but like
700,000 that's right yeah no less than
some this is only about 400 yeah have a
good time they take care now you
ok
I got to get out of here or burn up
you